okay so all you're going to need to make
this awesome collage is a couple
ingredients or supplies so the first
thing I just put all my clippings cuz
I've already picked out with pictures I
want so I just have a folder filled with
my clippings my pictures that I want on
the binder I'm just so I don't lose
track of it you're going to need a pair
of scissors as with scissors hands I'm
just kidding you're going to need tons
of magazines I just have my old
magazines for some reason I keep them I
mean well now I'm throwing them away now
them done with them but I always keep
them in case I have a use for them so
like I have my seventeen magazine's my
shape magazine which I love shape
magazine shape 17j shape so any of those
magazines your favorite magazines that
has the best pictures maybe like Sports
Illustrated or you know stuff like that
and I know my face is cut off but it's
because you know you don't need to see
me in this video it's just like an arts
and crafts video so why do you need to
see me um you're going to need glue
sticks uh yeah I know go six piece of
paper you could use white paper but i
just found this on during this is more
sturdier than Lake printer paper and
it's just pretty blue color so I figured
I'd use that and then you're going to
need a binder this is just my old math
binder from last year you know like all
my math crap so I'm actually throwing
this binder away but I'm going to use it
to show you how to do the collage
because I haven't bought in my binders
for this year so first thing you're
going to do is you're just going to flip
through the magazine and see anything
you like you cut it out like see here's
a chocolate chip cookie if you like
chocolate cookies cut out drop chip
cookies if you want to pick a theme for
your collage you could do that also but
honestly I like just doing random themes
like random stuff that I like so here on
my clippings I'll show you a couple ones
that I chose like you know two hearts
together a Revlon lip gloss NYC it says
mod chick like a puppy kesha look free
spirit eyeshadow you know just stuff
like that cool
her fades high-heeled anything like that
so now what I'm going to do is once you
just pick what i did is i just cut them
out you know normally and now i'm going
to go around and trim the edges and make
them nice and neat so i'm going to do
that and I'll be right back so I'm just
going around clipping on make it and
making the lines nice and even any it's
like ragged edges like this I had like
two stole the page number just cut it
off you could also shape it towards the
picture so like for this one I'm shaping
the edges into a kind of like circular
shape because that's the shape of the
ice cream so just do like that go around
and make your pictures nice and even
okay now what you're going to want to do
is you're going to take your clippings
and kind of shape them to how you want
the collage to be if you want you could
add like a little border around or
something like that so just kind of fit
the pictures onto where you're going to
glue them and like what looks best for
your collage so just kind of move them
around see what looks good you know what
pictures should go where and you can do
that and just kind of you know fix up
any spots like that so just move the
pictures around and then we're going to
come back and blue so this is how my
collage came out as you can see i just
added like a OPI happy new year a pretty
little liars pictures justin bieber a
lot to all of that i really like the way
it came out with a border so i highly
recommend doing that like leaving a
little space at the edges it just gives
it a little more of a neat look so when
you put it in your servants like so dark
in my house right now when you put it in
your binder you just put it in the
sleeve up here I put it in backwards
fixed one picture ID is coming off I
just literally did this now I'm putting
it in the binder so it's probably not a
good idea probably let it dry before you
put it in the binder but anyway when you
put it in the binder this is how it's
going to look and it just gives your
binder like a really cool personal
effect you can always what I saw someone
do is like cut out big letters like this
like the s and you can make one that
says science and then decorate it or
something like that so it just gives
your binders a little cool edgy effect
and it's a little too personalization to
make boring school supplies a little bit
more fun oh by the way if you end up
doing this um post a video response or
let me know how it came out but